[DOC-563] Docs for voyager v1.8.6 (#25082)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-voyager/release-notes.md

What follows are the release notes for the YugabyteDB Voyager v1 release series. Content will be added as new notable features and changes are available in the patch releases of the YugabyteDB v1 series.

## v1.8.6 - November 26, 2024

### New Features

> - Unsupported PL/pgSQL objects detection. Introduced a capability in assess-migration and analyze-schema commands to detect and report SQL features and constructs within PL/pgSQL objects in the source schema that are not supported by YugabyteDB, such as advisory locks, system columns, and XML functions. Voyager reports individual queries within these objects that contain unsupported constructs, such as queries in PL/pgSQL blocks for functions and procedures, or select statements in views and materialized views.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unsupported PL/pgSQL objects detection. Migration assessment and schema analysis commands can now detect and report SQL features and constructs in PL/pgSQL objects in the source schema that are not supported by YugabyteDB. This includes detecting advisory locks, system columns, and XML functions. Voyager reports individual queries in these objects that contain unsupported constructs, such as queries in PL/pgSQL blocks for functions and procedures, or select statements in views and materialized views.
```

## Enhancements

> - Using arguments `--table-list` and `--exclude-table-list` in guardrails checks for PostgreSQL export to determine which tables require permission checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using the arguments `--table-list` and `--exclude-table-list` in guardrails now checks for PostgreSQL export to determine which tables require permission checks.
```

- Added a check for Java as a dependency in guardrails for PostgreSQL export during live migration.
- Added check to verify if [pg_stat_statements](../../explore/ysql-language-features/pg-extensions/extension-pgstatstatements/) is in a schema not included in the specified `schema_list` and if the migration user has access to queries in the pg_stat_statements view. This is part of the guardrails for assess-migration for PostgreSQL.

> - Introduced a flag `--version` in the voyager installer script which can be used to specify the version to install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced the `--version` flag in the voyager installer script, which can be used to specify the version to install.
```

- Added argument [--truncate-tables](../reference/data-migration/import-data/#arguments) to import data to target for truncating tables, applicable only when --start-clean is true.
- Added support in the assess-migration command to detect the `XMLTABLE()` function under unsupported query constructs.

> - Added support for reporting unsupported indexes on some data types such as daterange, int4range, int8range, tsrange, tstzrange, numrange and interval in analyze-schema and assess-migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for reporting unsupported indexes on some data types, such as daterange, int4range, int8range, tsrange, tstzrange, numrange, and interval, in analyze-schema and assess-migration.
```

- Added support for reporting unsupported primary and unique key constraints on various data types in assess-migration and analyze-schema.

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed a [bug](https://github.com/yugabyte/yb-voyager/issues/1920) where export-data errors out if background metadata queries (count*) are still running after pg_dump completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an [issue](https://github.com/yugabyte/yb-voyager/issues/1920) where export-data errors out if background metadata queries (count*) are still running after pg_dump completes.
```

Reviewer: generally they are "github issues" i think
